SECURITY.md, before:

# TODO: The maintainer of this repo has not yet edited this file

**Repo Owner** Make sure you update this. As a repository owner you will need to decide how you want to handle reporting of security issues for your project.

---

** Content below this line is the Security information for the template itself **

<!-- BEGIN MICROSOFT SECURITY.MD V0.0.7 BLOCK -->

## Security

Microsoft takes the security of our software products and services seriously, which includes all source code repositories managed through our GitHub organizations, which include [Microsoft](https://github.com/Microsoft), [Azure](https://github.com/Azure), [DotNet](https://github.com/dotnet), [AspNet](https://github.com/aspnet), [Xamarin](https://github.com/xamarin), and [our GitHub organizations](https://opensource.microsoft.com/).

If you believe you have found a security vulnerability in any Microsoft-owned repository that meets [Microsoft's definition of a security vulnerability](https://aka.ms/opensource/security/definition), please report it to us as described below.

## Reporting Security Issues

**Please do not report security vulnerabilities through public GitHub issues.**

Instead, please report them to the Microsoft Security Response Center (MSRC) at [https://msrc.microsoft.com/create-report](https://aka.ms/opensource/security/create-report).

If you prefer to submit without logging in, send email to [secure@microsoft.com](mailto:secure@microsoft.com). If possible, encrypt your message with our PGP key; please download it from the [Microsoft Security Response Center PGP Key page](https://aka.ms/opensource/security/pgpkey).

You should receive a response within 24 hours. If for some reason you do not, please follow up via email to ensure we received your original message. Additional information can be found at [microsoft.com/msrc](https://aka.ms/opensource/security/msrc).

Please include the requested information listed below (as much as you can provide) to help us better understand the nature and scope of the possible issue:

-   Type of issue (e.g. buffer overflow, SQL injection, cross-site scripting, etc.)
-   Full paths of source file(s) related to the manifestation of the issue
-   The location of the affected source code (tag/branch/commit or direct URL)
-   Any special configuration required to reproduce the issue
-   Step-by-step instructions to reproduce the issue
-   Proof-of-concept or exploit code (if possible)
-   Impact of the issue, including how an attacker might exploit the issue

This information will help us triage your report more quickly.

If you are reporting for a bug bounty, more complete reports can contribute to a higher bounty award. Please visit our [Microsoft Bug Bounty Program](https://aka.ms/opensource/security/bounty) page for more details about our active programs.

## Preferred Languages

We prefer all communications to be in English.

## Policy

Microsoft follows the principle of [Coordinated Vulnerability Disclosure](https://aka.ms/opensource/security/cvd).

<!-- END MICROSOFT SECURITY.MD BLOCK -->

Commit message:

Init project and connect to djangoly api

SECURITY.md, after:

# Security

Alchemized Software Ltd. takes the security of our software products and services seriously, which includes all source code repositories managed through our GitHub organizations.

If you believe you have found a security vulnerability in any Alchemized Software Ltd.-owned repository, please report it to us as described below.

## Reporting Security Issues

**Please do not report security vulnerabilities through public GitHub issues.**

Instead, please report them to Alchemized Software Ltd. at [support@alchemizedsoftware.com](mailto:support@alchemizedsoftware.com).

You should receive a response within 24 hours. If for some reason you do not, please follow up via email to ensure we received your original message. 

Please include the requested information listed below (as much as you can provide) to help us better understand the nature and scope of the possible issue:

-   Type of issue (e.g. buffer overflow, SQL injection, cross-site scripting, etc.)
-   Full paths of source file(s) related to the manifestation of the issue
-   The location of the affected source code (tag/branch/commit or direct URL)
-   Any special configuration required to reproduce the issue
-   Step-by-step instructions to reproduce the issue
-   Proof-of-concept or exploit code (if possible)
-   Impact of the issue, including how an attacker might exploit the issue

This information will help us triage your report more quickly.

## Preferred Languages

We prefer all communications to be in English.

## Policy

Alchemized Software Ltd. follows the principle of Coordinated Vulnerability Disclosure.
